README.md, before:

# ExPatApp

## Problem
With changing political and economic landscapes and different travel patterns in a post-COVID world, there is new interest for emigration from America. However, there is no clear index of how an American should go about choosing a different country to start a new life.

## Overview
This app will perform analysis to help potential expatriots (expats) discover new places they might want to immigrate to, should they decide to leave the USA. The user chooses their individual preferences from a specified list of parameters (political, economic, etc.) and the app results showcase different cities/countries to move to based on the input selections.

## Communication Protocols
- GitHub: contains final documents and code relevant to the app
- Google Drive: sandbox testing site for all gathered data, code, etc.
- ETL: used for API and webscraping
- Postgres: holds datasets and SQL queries

## Data Sources
The data for this project will be sourced to inform 5 key variables that an American should evaluate when emigrating from their home country:
* Economy
* Health
* Political system
* Educational system
* Culture and lifestyle
This data will be sourced from government agencies, international organizations (e.g., the UN and OECD), non-governmental organizations (NGOs), as well as private sources that may have relevant data for traveling, culture, and economics (Yelp, Google, etcetera). 

## Deliverable
From analyzing the data, this project intends to answer the question of which countries are most suitable for emigration from America.

Commit message:

Update Readme file with data flow chart link

README.md, after:

# ExPat App

## Problem
With changing political and economic landscapes and different travel patterns in a post-COVID world, there is new interest for emigration from America. However, there is no clear index of how an American should go about choosing a different country to start a new life.

## Overview
This app will perform analysis to help potential expatriots (expats) discover new places they might want to immigrate to, should they decide to leave the USA. The user chooses their individual preferences from a specified list of parameters (political, economic, etc.) and the app results showcase different cities/countries to move to based on the input selections.

## Communication Protocols
- GitHub: contains final documents and code relevant to the app
- Google Drive: sandbox testing site for all gathered data, code, etc.
- ETL: used for API and webscraping
- Postgres: holds datasets and SQL queries

## Data Sources
The data for this project will be sourced to inform 5 key variables that an American should evaluate when emigrating from their home country:
* Economy
* Health
* Political system
* Educational system
* Culture and lifestyle

This data will be sourced from government agencies, international organizations (e.g., the UN and OECD), non-governmental organizations (NGOs), as well as private sources that may have relevant data for traveling, culture, and economics (Yelp, Google, etcetera). A [preliminary data flow chart diagram](https://github.com/nicolebplatt/ExPatApp/blob/main/Data%20Flow%20Chart.pdf) is available. 

## Deliverable
From analyzing the data, this project intends to answer the question of which countries are most suitable for emigration from America.
